{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 Herculanum;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset77 Verdana;\f4\fnil\fcharset77 AppleSymbols;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12860\viewh12360\viewkind0
{\*\background {\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft0\shptop0\shpright0\shpbottom0\shpfhdr0\shpbxmargin\shpbymargin\shpwr0\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt1\shpz0\shplid1025{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fillColor}{\sv 8421504}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn lineWidth}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fLine}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn bWMode}{\sv 9}}{\sp{\sn fBackground}{\sv 1}}}}}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	
\f1\fs96 \shad\shadx75\shady-75\shadr0\shado62 \shadc0 Growl!
\f0\fs24 \shad0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f2\b \cf0 \

\f3\b0 \
Growl! is a notifications application. It uses a programmatic way of allowing developers easy access to its notifications system.\
\
This also means that we want to have a very easy system for users to configure things as well. This will be done through a prefpane.\
\
\

\f2\b Apps we want to integrate with before a 1.0
\f3\b0 \
	\'a5 Adium 
\f4\fs48 \
		
\f3\fs24 \'a5 We now have basic adium support.
\f4 \

\f3 	\'a5 Colloquy\
	\'a5 Possibly Fire 
\f4 \uc0\u9745 \
		
\f3 \'a5 Thanks to gbooker, fire now works with growl.
\f4 \

\f3 	\'a5 Possibly ShadowIRC\
		\'a5 DShadow is going to try to hook this up this weekend or next.\
	\'a5 Possibly Snak
\f4 \
	\

\f2\b After 1.0
\f3\b0 \
	\'a5 iTunes track change\
	\'a5 Integration with Galago (if it gets ported to os x)\
	\'a5 Apple Mail new message notification\
	\'a5 iCal calendar notifications (you can make it run a script)\
	\'a5 iChat, if possible\
	\'a5 Notifications from one computer sent to another transparently (needs to be configurable)\
\
\

\f2\b 2008: 
\f3\b0 Microsoft releases longhorn\
	  Growl puts out version 8.0\
\

\f2\b 2040:
\f3\b0  Apple releases the personal servant machine\
	  Growl releases version 21.0\
\

\f2\b Right after "The Second Coming of The Apocalypse"
\f3\b0 \
	\'a5 but before we all bow to Cthulu\
\
		\'a5 GNUStep Support\
\

\f2\b End results:
\f3\b0 \
	\'a5\'caApplications register with Growl and we display their events for them 
\f4 \uc0\u9745 \
	
\f3 \'a5\'caUser can customize what events to see and not see as well as contexts for those events\
		- ie. all sign ons events with loser in their title or description\
\
P.S. Feel free to add stuff to this list.}