{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green14\blue14;\red38\green38\blue38;}
\vieww14580\viewh10480\viewkind0
\deftab720
{\*\background {\shp{\*\shpinst\shpleft0\shptop0\shpright0\shpbottom0\shpfhdr0\shpbxmargin\shpbymargin\shpwr0\shpwrk0\shpfblwtxt1\shpz0\shplid1025{\sp{\sn shapeType}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn fFlipH}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fFlipV}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fillColor}{\sv 16382715}}{\sp{\sn fFilled}{\sv 1}}{\sp{\sn lineWidth}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn fLine}{\sv 0}}{\sp{\sn bWMode}{\sv 9}}{\sp{\sn fBackground}{\sv 1}}}}}
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 GrowlMail UUID Patcher ReadMe\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa240\ql\qnatural

\fs40 \cf3 Why do I need this?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf3 The Mail application and Message framework in Mac OS X each contain a string called a UUID. Every Mail plug-in must declare the UUIDs of all the versions of Mail and Message.framework that it is compatible with. When Apple update either of those components, they change its UUID to a new one.\
The effect of this is that nearly every time Apple release a new version of Mac OS X, they make a change to it that causes the Mail application to reject old versions of Mail plug-ins as incompatible.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf3 What does it do?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf3 This application patches the GrowlMail plug-in bundle that you have installed to include the newest UUIDs. This will cause Mail to see it as compatible.\
It also performs some other checks, such as whether you have the latest version of GrowlMail.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf3 Will it make GrowlMail compatible?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs32 \cf3 No!
\b0 \
This does not make any code changes, so your copy of GrowlMail may actually be incompatible. 
\b Adding the UUIDs, by any means, will not make a truly-incompatible GrowlMail work properly.
\b0 \
So far, every time Apple have released a Mac OS X update, GrowlMail has been compatible with no changes; we only needed to add the new UUID(s). There is no guarantee that this will always be true. 
\b If GrowlMail is actually incompatible, making it appear compatible could cause irreversible data loss.
\b0 \

\b The safest action is always to assume
\b0 \'97as Mail does\'97
\b that any version of GrowlMail that we have not explicitly declared as compatible is not.
\b0 \

\b If you use this application, 
\i you are the tester.
\i0\b0  As such, please tell us whether GrowlMail works or not after you patch it.\

\b Please do not use this application unless you have complete, current, and working backups.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl600\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs40 \cf3 Does this work for other Mail plug-ins?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf3 Not at this time.\'a0\
}