Growl 2 forandringer

Generelt - Nå kompatibelt med OSX notifikasjons senter på 10.8 - Nå kompatibilitet med Prowl og Boxcar tjenester som handlings-vinduer. - Rollup har nå bedre inaktivitets oppdagelse. - Growl kjører nå i "Sandbox" .

Preferanser - PÅ / AV knappen i Growl skal nå være enklere å forstå.

Visning - "Speech" introduserer nå større kontroll.  Separerer handlings-vinduer fra visuelle vinduer. "Music Video" kan nå venstre og høyrejustere tekst.  Fikser høydeproblemer for multilinje notifikasjoner i "Music Video". Nano kan nå vises på flere lokasjoner, venstre midt og høyre. Nå lagt til en "Sound action" visning. la til en måte å ikke ha noen visuelle notifikasjoner. 

Bug fiks - Fikset høy CPU / Prosessor bruk. Fikset flere typer kræsj. Snarveier kan nå tilbakestilles.


Growl 1.4 Forandringer.

General
- Applications Tab Redesign! This is a major overhaul, and should be much easier to use.
- Moved Rollup controls to separate tab.
- Major improvements to networking.

Preference Pane overhaul
- New slider switch for on/off switches
- Added keyboard support to position picker.
- General Tab Relayout.
- Networking tab - Add support for subscription
- History Tab, contextual menu for history table to jump to the app/notification settings
- Rollup tab is the new home of controls related to the Rollup window.
- Adding a new display should not require a restart of Growl now.

Networking
- Support for Notification-Callback-Target, a URL field in GNTP. Upon click, Growl lets OSX figure out how to open the URL (such as the default browser for an http:// url)
- Subscription support, subscribe to all applications on a remote machine.
- General improvements to networking authentication, removed requirement for, and use of password headers if the password field is blank
- Fix networking crash related to address data resolution.
- Bind to local socket only if not listening for incoming notifications.
- Address data caching, and observation of network changes to clear caches

Applescript
- URL click feedback support, same as Notification-Callback-Target in GNTP

Bug fixes
- Resolved a crash with webkit plugin bridge on creation.
- Resolved a crash with forwarding.
- Resolved an issue where the Speech display waits for previous message to complete causing a CPU drain
- Resolved a crash with CFErrorGetDomain for WebKit Display Styles.
- Fixed duplicate listings of display plugins on reinstall.
- Notification-Callback-Target is now respected, and used, even without the method header.
- Worked around problems with corrupt history databases.
- Fixed a sorting problem when deleting a single entry in the history list.
