{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 Herculanum;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset77 AppleSymbols;\f4\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier;\f5\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15680\viewh12460\viewkind1\viewscale100
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\f0\fs96 \cf0 \shad\shadx75\shady-75\shadr0\shado62 \shadc0 Growl!
\f1\fs40 \shad0 \

\f0\fs48 \shad\shadx75\shady-75\shadr0\shado62 \shadc0 I
\fs36 mplementation
\fs48  c
\fs36 hecklist\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f2\b\fs24 \cf0 \shad0 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u9744 
\f2\b  Register for 
\f4\b0 GROWL_IS_READY
\f2\b .\
\pard\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Add an observer for this notification on the default Distributed Notification Center, with the object being 
\f4 nil
\f1 /
\f4 NULL
\f1 . Growl posts it when it is ready to receive registrations and notifications.\
Doing this will allow you to reregister with Growl when it is relaunched, eliminating the need to relaunch your application if Growl quits and the necessity to launch your application after launching Growl.\

\f2\b \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u9744 
\f2\b  Register with Growl.\
\pard\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Post a notification whose name is 
\f4 GROWL_REGISTRATION
\f1 , with the object being 
\f4 nil
\f1 /
\f4 NULL
\f1 , to the default Distributed Notification Center. Growl will create or update the ticket for your application so that the user can control its notifications.\
\
In the 
\f4 userInfo
\f1  dictionary, you must\'c9\

\f3 \uc0\u9744 
\f1  Provide an application name (
\f4 GROWL_APP_NAME
\f5\i ).
\f2\i0\b \

\f3\b0 \uc0\u9744 
\f1  Provide an array of all notifications your application sends (
\f4 GROWL_NOTIFICATIONS_ALL
\f1 ).
\f2\b \

\f3\b0 \uc0\u9744 
\f1  Provide an array of the notifications that should be enabled by default (
\f4 GROWL_NOTIFICATIONS_DEFAULT
\f1 ).\
\pard\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi1440\ql\qnatural
\cf0 This should be a subset of 
\f4 GROWL_NOTIFICATIONS_ALL
\f1 . Other notifications won\'d5t be considered.\
\pard\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
In the 
\f4 userInfo
\f1  dictionary, you can also\'c9\

\f3 \uc0\u9744 
\f1  Provide an application icon (
\f4 GROWL_APP_ICON
\f1 ).\
\pard\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi1440\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Most common formats work, including TIFF, PNG, JPEG, JPEG 2000, PICT, and BMP. Your application\'d5s icon will be used if this is not supplied.
\f2\b \
\pard\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u9744 
\f2\b  Post notifications to Growl.\
\pard\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Post a notification whose name is 
\f4 GROWL_NOTIFICATION
\f1 , with the object being 
\f4 nil
\f1 /
\f4 NULL
\f1 , to the default Distributed Notification Center. Growl will create or update the ticket for your application so that the user can control its notifications.\
\
In the 
\f4 userInfo
\f1  dictionary, you must\'c9\

\f3 \uc0\u9744 
\f1  Provide an application name (
\f4 GROWL_APP_NAME
\f1 ).
\f2\b \

\f3\b0 \uc0\u9744 
\f1  Provide a notification name (
\f4 GROWL_NOTIFICATION_NAME
\f1 ).
\f2\b \

\f3\b0 \uc0\u9744 
\f1  Provide a notification title (
\f4 GROWL_NOTIFICATION_TITLE
\f1 ).\
\pard\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi1440\ql\qnatural
\cf0 The title should be about 100 pixels wide in a typical 12-point font.
\f2\b \

\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 In the 
\f4 userInfo
\f1  dictionary, you can also\'c9\

\f3 \uc0\u9744 
\f1  Provide a notification description (
\f4 GROWL_NOTIFICATION_DESCRIPTION
\f1 ).\
\pard\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi1440\ql\qnatural
\cf0 The description should be up to three lines at the same width as the title.
\f2\b \
\pard\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi720\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u9744 
\f1  Provide a notification icon (
\f4 GROWL_NOTIFICATION_ICON
\f1 ).\
\pard\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi1440\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Most common formats work, including TIFF, PNG, JPEG, JPEG 2000, PICT, and BMP. Growl will use 
\f4 GROWL_APP_ICON
\f1  or your application\'d5s icon if this is not supplied.
\f2\b \
\pard\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi720\ql\qnatural

\f3\b0 \cf0 \uc0\u9744 
\f1  Indicate whether your notification is sticky (
\f4 GROWL_NOTIFICATION_STICKY
\f1 ).
\f2\b \
\pard\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi1440\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 Provide a number object. If its value is not zero, the notification will be (depending on the active display plugin\'d5s support for it) \'d2sticky\'d3, i.e. it will remain visible until closed rather than disappearing after a timeout.}